In the previous video we added state to show and hide the recipe form.
Now for our last feature we'll add delete
to we will need to add a delete button to the recipe component.
Let's start by adding our GSX for the delete button.
And let's just make sure that shows up OK.
We've got our daily buttons.
Now we need to make them do something when they're clicked.
So inside of our button we want to add a on click callback.
And since the state isn't owned by this component it should be passed in.
So expect an unduely method to come in as a prop but we also need another piece of state.
We need to know which recipe this is that we're about to delete.
So this component will also take an idea for the recipe so that undelete can pass that in as a parameter
to the callback function.
And we also need to remember to restructure that from this top prop's.
Now let's use unduely in our buttons on click event
as you can see we're creating a function that invokes undelete for us and passes the ID of the current
recipe so that inside of our recipe app we know which recipe to delete.
Next we need to pass an undelete method down from the recipe app into the recipe component let's implement
undelete.
I'll start by adding it to the constructor.
Now there's a number of ways to implement this so that we can take that recipe out of our recipes array.
But I like to use filter in this case
and filter will only return elements for which the callback function is given returns of true value.
So in this case I'm going to write a function that returns true if the ID is not equal to the ID that
was passed into this function and false otherwise
so the callback function again will only return true if the idea that we're on is not equal to the idea
that we are given.
Which means that the idea that we want to do it will be taken out of the new array.
And now we just need to set state
that should be up for the implementation.
Let's pass it through the recipe list into the recipe.
And we need to change your recipe list to also pass that into the recipe component.
Let's add it as a prop that.
And now inside the render method we want to use on the inside of the map.
All right so now we have unduely being passed in from the start props.
And because we're passing in everything in the recipe state we're also passing on the ID here.
So we've got the undelete method and the ID so everything should work.
Let's give it a try.
First I'll add a new recipe.
OK so saving works just like we saw before.
Now was try to do the
deleting works as well.
So that's it for the app.
The goal with that demonstration was to see how callback functions are passed down into child components
and how state gets affected in a somewhat larger application than what we've seen so far.
Next up you'll be working on your own app involving state and prop's.